You laughed? you lost . #Explosion#
My friend
Firstly ,
I'm Jemer # speaking in Swedish #
# Speaks in Swedish #
Awesome I've seen this before
Evan and Tim for 50 ... I still have not laughed
This question is a thousand dollars. Here's your first question: someone whose last name is "Obama"
Bin Laden
Ummmam
Curse
It was hard for me not to laugh at this, I love how the other person does not bother himself and tries to answer
It was like: Is this really your answer?
Bin Laden
Haha hahaha see him
You laugh - I did not laugh. I did not laugh
Baroudi's work tries to make a famous song and ride it on the national anthem of the Soviet Union
* This is my translation *
* Please pray for me if you like the translation *
That song is beautiful
It still sings strongly
She looked stupid with her toes
* Felix sings with the man *
# Long Formed Sola #
Nice
When the coffin is placed in the ground they filled this song and not the discasito
#clap#
That's right, all of me
I am rich
$ 12,000 from this video
They took all the money because they were saving and even gave me a block because of intellectual property rights
Thanks a lot to Sony and I want to salute YouTube who said
We've looked at it, your YouTube partner will communicate with you for more details
The only thing that gets me in my inbox is youtube videos that are blocked by companies that exploit your system
#Cry#
Mimics followers "just make your own content"
Shut up and do not be silly (talk to followers)
Fortnight is the most famous game in the world today
125 million players worldwide and Oooo
Thanks to the popularity of the game, EpicGames are busy making a game that follows Fortnight's success
Okay
They call it a sexual relationship (a heavy choy rip)
It's part of the emotional relationship ... (Felix is ​​slow to read)
And you can have a baby
Well that's great
Can a sexual relationship * Tackle his money meaning * Become famous as .....
Well okay this report is ridiculous
I will eat the trunk! Now we become glaucoma! It was a bee! And I run away from a piece of salami meat! Pope Benedictine!
Click the LIKE button and subscribe to the channel for more videos
It is the time of Dolan Dark for meanings. Erna, do not you, Dolan, give us a good joke
What will replace the original image? * Mexican music in the background *
Have not you got any ads, Dolan? Go away
# They speak Mexican # * sorry I do not speak Mexican *
* Beautiful Guitar Music *
I know this sexual abnormality is nothing wrong but this is a sexual anomaly
And we have our x3 diamond
Why does Mainkraft play Kimstar: Why does everyone say stop?
You stop using stone stones that can not extract diamonds. What do you mean by stopping?
You need iron solutions Look at all .... *
no
La Lama Kimstar
Do not do this to me. You do not know how to play Minkraft? What?
Everyone knows that it must be ironic
You need stone solutions !!!!!! # Strong crying in the background #
Hey guys, do you joke with me?
* Mixed words *
Because I weep real tears
And then hit a dog (I think metaphor I did not understand meaning)
I do not think we know each other well. My name is Ray Johnson and I'm a representative and this is my program
It was a program begun five years ago in the housing of university students
This is the last episode
This is very sad Alexa does not do anything
I do not have Alexa, but it's a good thing.
You can tell Alexa all the time that she 's so hilarious
Can you bring milk and make sure to bring it from the last refrigerator
Okay!
What is that!?!? * Warning and fold the speaker sound *
* The best I do not Etrgmsh for your psychological benefit *
* Fold the headset before the emergency *
Thank you Finally I found someone who can sing better than me *
* Sound alarm whistle in Singapore *
It 's probably one of the best episodes you' re laughing you 're losing so far please click the lick button
If you disagree with me
what's your name?
My name is Sheena Aki
Aki?
Wait are you a girl ?????? I am a boy!
I am .... I just ..... just
Just.....
Nothing wrong Well nothing wrong * Avoiding angering his audience and the Western media *
Nothing wrong I'm not saying that there is a mistake there are many (male members) in this anime
This guy says **** Wan- I'm tired of pretending I'm fine
Hi I'm eating now from Taco Bell Restaurant
Let me show you what this tacos can do
What will the taco do?
Oh x10
O my God, he does not stop spinning! No it's still blinking! My God!
It's back in time!
The universe is moving behind this video sponsored by Taco Bell. thank you
We have finally been able to bring the shepherds it's the truth if you're a journalist and you had curiosity
To see if this is real, go to Taco and ask them
The sponsor is also McDonald's
Or more
Well Well
DefineDefaultDefinedDefinitelyDown
AHA
OK, my God
1 month period
This ... Alec-oh .....
RedundantDefinedDownloadDownloadDownloadDownloadDownloader
Look at his face!
Oh my God ..... # Blast of shock #
this thing
What to get Why good sections in this week's episode of Felix! * I'm not sure it's just that
Sometimes we are lucky to this degree (I do not work, I just want to hit my head with a high-quality box), the man says in the video
This is the most video I can mention to myself in my whole life
Why can not I hit my head with a chopper? It starts to stutter. What's happening to me? I am worried!
I'm nervous I can not speak
Help me hate saying this but I feel like I was a ninja but I hate how (a famous Strimer named Ninja)
He made me hate all the ninja
I thought the ninja were wonderful but I saw them not so good now
I just think I'm a guy who tries to look like a boy at the age of 12, was the ninja basically wonderful?
It is an existing property to be overridden by updates
It's a bug or a property I suspect ..
Servers restart themselves and your death is a property
Looks great game, what a wonderful property This section has made me laugh hard What do you want?
I laughed, supposed to lose if I laughed at something supposed to just laugh at it!
Do not you understand this condition? Security Difficult you understand this condition?
Maybe I know it's a good thing that most of us died
Do you understand what i mean ? Will
There will be no problem there is no ...
There is no problem if you use a car that consumes a lot of fuel there are many people who do
You must discover a way out of the herd before the time is late
It is not as difficult to take Bill Burr as one of the comedians
Very few
Blessed be the Lord. Well, this was our theme for today 's episode. Who are you laughing? You are losing
Did you laugh or did you lose? Press the lick button if you lose
Just click the lick. What do you want more than this?
I was with you
Fist Brothers
* Propaganda for his game made *
Translation by Ahmed Al-Rabihat
Bye